Colleagues are very helpful and cooperative
Mostly colleagues are helpful in my organization. when i am facing any problem everybody help me.
Good team work
Great team. All persons are professionals and ready to work as team
Team Work is Biggest Source Of Happiness in my Organization.
Team member awesome coordination and support
Working in a group
Good relationship and well behavior among all company employees.
Working with like minded people. Its fun and a good learning experience
When we achieve something as a team
Togetherness.
Cooperation,working with mutual understanding,response to eachother
deal like a family members
Team work is the only way of success
 Better team work with colleagues
team working, empathy, 
helping each other is the enablers of happiness
team work 
Friendly relationship each other employees.
Employee working  together with happiness and there is no point of heirarchy, which make the continuous flow of information with transparency among the team member.
People maintained friendly and faithful relationship.
Trust and supportive team member
understanding each others. 
Team work.    For better understanding we have to organize activity like cricket, trainging sessoin.
 Better team work.  Happy people fix problems instead of complaining about them.  Happy people have more energy.
Team work and transparency 
Team, the bigger purpose
Transprent work enviorment, if we want to do some new project our orgnaistation always help .
Team work
People. we have great team who are positive and believe in healthy competition. all they need is correct direction to grow with growth of the organisation. 
The state team we work with
1. understanding between team   2. try to conduct meetings at different places in india.  
We- the people of our organization  human resource is the life blood of our organization.
All staff is very cooperative and done good job.
Working together with the other team members.  sharing ideas with each other.
Team work and joyful work environment.  
Good team building and cooperative work
My team
Team effort and result
Team work..when we work together and sharing experiences,feedback with each other for improving ourself
Team work, knowledge sharing, communication to each other etc.
When all team members meet in one place
Team work
colleagues
Team work
Working with Team
Collectiveness at work place
Good Coordination
Work itself is the source of happiness, especially at sites where people enjoy the teamwork in meeting time targets
nan
All team members should be brought together at one stage and must match each other.
As of now everything is done.. like monthly meeting, annual review meeting all this gives space for more interaction and get together. 
Bonding
By forming some strategy to build passion among all members towards growth of idf.   building positive atmosphere among all team members and make them feel equally important for idf. encouraging every member to help each other in the time of need.
Our organization is already a happy place to work. increasing time to time team gathering of various departments will add bond between staff and add values of organizational happiness.
Regular interaction from national team to field based person to make them comfirtable
Talk to each other, feel the ground realities, work with the team in the field more.
Team bonding: i am not alone to struggle for delivering any targeted output.   opportunity for further growth and conducive environment.
Team building excersies are good for strengthening the bonding among workers and creating happiness. 
Team effort
Team support, individually  talk to employees, and her solution for problem
Team will be always think about each other   
Trust your people
Friendly relation among colleagues 
working with co-employees
Management and colleagues
Collegues
Our Colleagues are our strong point. Of course, criticism/work pressure are common to everybody in any organization. But, when time comes, all colleagues help one another and make us happy.
INTER-PERSONAL RELATIONS WITHIN THE STAFFS HELPS US TO MAINTAIN A HEALTHY ENVOIRNMENT IN OUR WORKPLACE SO THAT OUR WORKS APPEARS TO BE A PLACE FOR GOOD WORKING CONDITION. 
EXAMPLES- MANIKANDAM AND PRIYATAM ARE TWO OF MY BEST FRIENDS , WE ARE FROM DIFFERENT PARTS OF NATION BUT WE NEVER HAD ANY DISCREPANCIES OF THOUGHT.
nan
My Colleague,    Everybody helping nature
 friendly people's 
Good colleagues 
The people whome I work with.  Eg.- My colleague Anil sir who always helped me in this organisation, how to Handel different situations.
Good team and good college
My team
Some friends 
Family and Friends circle
Good relationship and well behavior among all comapnay employees 
MY DEPT MEMBERS  
our collogues are the enablers that create an environment of happiness in the organization
our colleagues are the enablers that create an environment of happiness in the organization
Our Colleges are making the happiness environment  & supporting department
We are happy with our team members
Our team member
Colleagues working in department
My Collegue & Friends
My team
Colleagues with same work make environment happy.   By leg pulling on other works they create healthy environment for work.
Team Member
colleagues
my team members and manahers
My Team collegues and my senior
Colleagues,when they share their personal happiness.  Top management when share the organisational achievement
Support of colleges
Friends
friends
Mutual Understanding and team work
my colleagues (department staff)
Team colleagues- they look out for each other
good collegues
collegues
We have plenty of opportunities available in the work place,which is good for a beginner to learn of the practical work and all. The Team of any field are helpful in regards of any request for problem issues.     
All Colleagues are good.  
Our mutual coordination
working in a big institute with the best people in the field in a collegial environment. 
My colleagues are the biggest source happiness as they always encourage me in my professional work.
My colleagues are very joyful and full of energy. 
Eg. Even during hectic times we sit together and plan our work and pressure situation is easily handled, 
During lunch hours we can share our thoughts and that helps build trust among ourselves
The people around us!
collegues
Spending time with colleagues, unofficially.  During leisure time we sit together and chat, sometimes go out for lunch or tea
Emotional attachment, good relationship amongst people and working in a organisation that cares employees
We all used to gossip with eachother while having our lunch and dinner in canteen that makes a sense of unity.
Good relationship between employees
The people around us!
collegues
Bonding and relationship with each other
Personnel relationship, almost like family members especially the senior members
People of the company
Team work.   sgia,achieving company goals 
Team work. Celebration of Annual Mines Safety Week-2013-14.
Team work.  
Total employee involvement
Better teamwork with our colleagues
The Team work and bonding with each other among emloyees.   When somebody  in the family falls sick (even for other members in his family)  co-employees help during this time.
Team work.we all used to work together for Optimum Production in Disciplined manner.
Team work
Great team bonding and positivity
Team gathering  friendly environment  
work as a team
Good inter-collegaue relations and opportunity for growth
Colleagues, team work and support & assistance of fellows.   For eg-: a work which is done with team assistance & support will be more creative and will build a bond of trust and relationship in the organization 
Team Works
Team Work - Strong team work create happiness environment.
we work together.
TEAM WORK, VALUES
Good cooperation.
All the team members are very helpful and cooperative towards achieving organisational goals.
the source of happiness in the organization is positive outcomes at work due to entrepreneurship, responsibility and team work. 
people work as a team.
The biggest happiness in our happiness is the good co-operation,helping mentality between employees.

two years before one of our employee expired suddenly and then all of the collegues take this as a personal matter and helped his family as as they can.
Proud to be one of the team members working in unit which performs consistently for the past five years
Good co-ordination between staff and workers
Team work & commitment in all works
The bonding among the staff
Cordial relations among staff
My colleagues.
Appreciation and support to colleagues for happiness
All the staff of the organization is always to creat pleasant atmosphere. specially kamal, sumit, sujeet, ajay
My whole team, when we meet in monthly meeting
Support, team work, positive attitude towards employee,having lunch together, good behaviour
All team members
Teasing and making jokes with each other, keeping respect and dignity of the individual and organization we work with. in a party organized through office one of our colleague played relevant humorous songs for everyone (from mobile phone). 
Many of our colleagues.
Good relation between team members
Trust on each other.  no back biting.  belief in team work. every one is capable of teaming up with anyone to perform the best way,  respect for each other. family like atmosphere and care for each member by other members.  working with fun is our way,
Team co_opration
Good teammates relations.
Work with an appreciable social life with the co-workers brings a lot of happiness in my life. the organisation has led me to make many friends and promoted the qualities of teamwork and cooperation in me. for example, while traveling distant places for training purpose, i enjoy the company of my team mates which makes the long journey pretty adventurous as well.
I feel very happy working in my organisation because all of my colleagues encourage me to work freely in the program sites. thats why i get chance to enhance my knowledge to work in any adverse situation. 
My colleagues 
