Organization head should create an open forum, through that forum employs can share their thoughts. regular monitoring and discussion with ground level employs is must.
Regularly communication with all team members is must for happiness 
Sometimes if the suggestions collect from individual separately and discuss with the matter and implement if possible. i think all have different ideas and may be that can be the best one.
Transparecy should be there in organization.
Transpiracy and less work load on one individual
Trust,transparency,support each other,positive attitude,
We respect all members of team and communicate frequently
Proper Communication & more activities involving next level of satisfaction for employees
transparancy  
Biggest source of happiness in our organisation is open relationship and understanding .  examples are sgia and monthly commuinication meetings
No departmental boundaries & open communication with each other.
Top management guideness & open comunication beetwen all employee
Top management support and guidance with open communication process.  example:- organization vision & values selected by all category of employee's.
Transparency
Open communication
Open communication
Open door policy
Lsip conducted for goal setting and involvement is same from top to down level.
Living with values, transparent communication, healthy atmospheres & solution of employee concerns.
1. Transparency in the team
Open communication, do not adhere to hierarchical division while working on a project/assignment - so everyone's ideas are equally valued.  
Transparent and flat organisation
Clear communication between members .
Flexibility, approachability and openness that bring happiness. we can approach top to bottom staff and it has open environment. 
Good suggestion to achieve the goal 
Transparency, trust, not breaking the line of authority
Meetings regarding program progress and review.
-Promote transparency at every level  - Promote equality among team members rather than glaring differences in salaries and status among team members  -Appreciate the fact that it's the "DOCTORS" which make or break this Medical Institute--take care of them
Transparency 
1. Encourge transparency in communication and stop working in silos

Most of the communication is transparent and people are aware of the changes taking place in the organization.
Biggest source of happiness is we are given freedom to express our views & ideas to our superiors & they are valued 
Open environment, even a small problem can be discussed at any level. we have met our coo to close the monthly promotions and he still obliged.
Open culture you can approach any one 24*7
Transparency of work, trust to each other
Trancerency of work
1. transparency in work and information to everything.  2. involvement of the ground staff while designing the projects.
The transparent relationship between all the members of our organisation makes me happy.this is one of the biggest source of happiness for me.we respect each other and works like a family. 

Seamless Communication across functions for execution till last mile.
More interaction amidst different departments could play an important role in make the organisation a happier place.
Communication and solidity in direction. We seem to be into too many things all the time. Today, need is to earn revenues - our focus should only be towards that. 
1. Cross functional team approach  2. things should not be imposed to do  3. illogical things should be logical  4. there should be a bottom to top approach
Co-ordination between different verticals, being humble rather than arrogant and in time help of filed force team with proper enablers

Feel free communication and joyful work culture.
Well communication to each other.
Free flow of communication and transparency  
Interdisciplinary  approach & support from supervisor 
Team sprit a biggest source of happiness
In delhi office we eat lunch together and do lot of non work related talks like about sports, about vacation someone had or is planning etc. we laugh a lot. we stand for each other. 
When all work with each other in positive and as a team
State team support & bonding, 
Good team communication
Unhindered communication between staff. and a feeling of trust among staff.  concern and commitment of top management about field staff and their needs.
free fow of communication
it is possible if we consider aspects of employes
Shared visions between functions
Interaction with inter vertical/department of company & conclave with employees give more happiness as well as transparency with each department.
1.Frequent communication at every level.Clear Communication  Humble tackling of employees  Less verbal threats to employees of their employment on minor target gaps  Removal of bureaucracy and more open behavior  The seniors should be open enough to acknowledge true feedback and not take things personally  More professionalism
We should create a system in which every employee of Org X gets that much of liberty to speak up whether it is related to their work environment or team environment. so no senior can push any of their junior. 
Reduction in organisational politics and an atmosphere of trust. Communication should be on a single line across hierarchies.
Freedom to express their respective plans 
Regular Communication To Make Engagement with Juniors.
We must adapt a listening kind of culture where people can contribute with their respective experience
Communication
Regular communication exercise that gives platform to share our success and failure, joys and sorrows.
We are share problems and good practices during field visit/workplace.
Open communication and no back talks.     sensitivity towards one`s personal life or condition, how i am doing also depends on what is happening in my family    equal opportunity and transparency in reason for choosing someone for particular opportunity, like if someone is selected for a abroad travel others in the team should be communicated that why that person is selected and also equal opportunity should be given based on criteria defined for that travel.
Clarity of communication
Frequent Communication of organization's common goals and role of each employee will serve the purpose.
Good relation and comunication with Union & Managment employes.
Effective communication
Trust each other while discussions
By interacting with the employees, listening to their ideas & appreciation for their achievements. 
open meeting, connect each other program, recreational activity, picnic , family get together, practicing 5 days working
To make the happy environment there can the saturdays off or there can be regular trips from the organisation to build happiness among the team members.
Good communication 
Transparent Behavior by Seniors
 
1) stop hiding things 2) treat everyone equally be it ed or project executive everyone in organization should treat each other equally 3) encourage people to live health life mentally and physically 1. openess and transparency should be there .  2. every supervisor should provide feedback to employee in positive manner.  
Appreciate people for their work and value their contribution.  improve ways of communication, make it simple and respectful, individual's dignity should be protected  share responsibility and accountability  
Clear communication at all level 
Encouraging flat organization and communication is good but caution has to be maintained that one do not bypass the line of authority
Increased focus on communication as the team becomes larger.   more transparency in communication 
It need to be observe that try to identified good and experience employee and use their skills for achieving organisation objectives. some time feel that some staffs are given wrong feed back t.  top leaders regarding any employee. top leaders should need to be check it and then take any step.
Listening to staff & implementing their suggestion; imbibing the culture of appreciation rather than highlighting weakness, gaps and failures.
Make always transparent communication
Making more people open by giving chance for open ended question and answer with proper example
More direct and transperant decision making.
More information should be shared so that everyone feels equally involved; more casual interactions/ events 
That is only to understand the silence of employee.
Support and transparency.    relation between my team
2Local Management should be transparent.
Transperancy
Transparent, encouraging, motivational support that helps us to achieve common goal.
Transperace
Transparent communication
It's transparent to all , everyone have right to share ideas, trusting everyone,
Transparency & Express our vision & new idea's
Transpartancy,training session .
1. Transparent work culture 
transparency and learning and training programme 
Trust, transparency, encouragement,
Open & transparent dialogue
transperiancy for all subject 
Transparency   Etc
talk more openly and transparently. Consulting all stake holders before passing any decision.