Team building party frequency need to increase.
More interaction between large teams
like team lunch and awards and face to face interaction ould be done to make the entire organization a happy place in all aspects
There is no team building activities ,which need to start immed basis.  Employee engagement activities need to focus and improve  Employee attrition is very high,some retention policy need to enforced to retain good human resource  Some informal communication need to start to give employee personal touch which can be done thru forming some club(is there but Missing now days ) and these club need to operate some activities on monthly basis to engage employee.
Org X is a very employee concentric company. It works 24*7 for benefiting its all stake holders everytime. It always tries to match with the peoples need and industry standard in all its segments.  I feel Org X should be visibly more stronger than the competitors,Today if I compare Org X with other brands we are unable to reach to a desired position. This is because we are not upgrading our portfolio and also we are not visible to the customer. If we do some serious marketing strategy than our brand will be able place in the desired position in industry.     
Please Product value same to compare brand
New innovations 
There must have some team meeting, skip level meetings & HR sessions to interact with every individual employee towards there feedbacks against the work of organization during the specific time.  So employee can directly come up with there suggestion & there faith in organization.
Motivation training and 1*1 feedback sessions 
taking feedback from ground level executives and every individuals and trusting their words.
Start employee feedback system  Welcome suggestions from employees
any new creative live in operation directly live need to take feedback individually before of live 
I want a session where one can give the feedback to the other , anonymously.
There should be system to take feedback from employees for the betterment of organization.
360 degree feedback  More power to DM as compared to Partners  Work life balance  Trainings for Field Staffs  
Encouraging feedback and keeping them confidential. i feel there is a lot of casual talk that sometimes crosses the line. 
Time to time survey could give correct feedback
Way of communication has to be changed,especially the way one gives feedback.
Has the opportunity to share our thought openly and get strong feedback. helping the employees to achieve the target smoothly. 
The positive work atmosphere.
Management and time to time orientation on project and how to work with in time.
Regular feedback, delegation of work with trust
Positive feedback and improving area for my best learning
We need to recognize the potential manpower and need to practice more of positive feedback.
Provision for some physical exercise on a regular basis. some indoor sports etc. once in a year sports meet.   increase feeling of trust among the staff for each other.
The organisation already seems a happy place for me. but still i would suggest that it would be better if there would be more functions and celebrations organised for different festivals and events.
There should me more team activities.
Learning and development, common forum to express work related issues, team parties and outings with cross function teams.
Make the office comfortable
To pramote front line employees into new rolls for better results and make company strong.
