I think we are happy with our organisation.
It's the nature of people and environment inside company
1. Culture  2. Trust on employees  3. Focus on well-being of employees  4. Flexibility
The jolly ambience in work place make my organisation a better place to work in.
Work environment- Every employee is cooperative,   Always create chances to learn and grow,  Employee freedom to work fearless which results in 100% dedication to the work.
Atmosphere
Everything is perfect 
Cultural environment , stress-free environment , flexible office timings , clean & fresh working space , proper seating arrangement.
Work culture. being part of an organisation on the move
Vibrant culture, celebration of festivals, cultural activities. for ex. celebration of independence day.
Culture & commitment is biggest source of happiness. eg: culture of our company is adaptable and commitments towards employees are taken by our organization.
Work culture, cummunication ,
Good & rich culture & communication till to bottom
We have various initiatives like vibrant Org X, family day, heart to heart with superiors to create an open and friendly environment in our work place.  
Good work culture 
Friendly culture & dedication of employee toward their work
Work place & honesty
Our plant head always encourage us to be happy and positive and psc is working very fine.
As a person our respected plant head sir enables a good environment of happiness in our organisation.    and a thing which works as enablers are lsip and birthday celebration.
My plant head sir always create environment of happiness in organisation
Total employee involvement ensures personal touch with the grass root work force & effective communication on company vision, mission, targets & results. Tension free Environment gives us more power to give our best output.
 work in good atmosphere and had given full authority
to provide good atmosphere
Stop the Politics of letting other department down ,which has been started recently in the organization.
Superiors support in handling the matters. Work Freedom
Working culture 
Opportunity to communicate with higher officials
work culture.
The work culture
Compassionate culture
the work culture and the collegues of the organization are the biggest source of happiness.
BENIGN WITH FAMILY  
Friendly Work Culture should be there
culture 
The fact that i work for an organisation that is built with great values and ethics; the exemplary leadership by the ed and the strong positive work culture of idf.
The sense of togetherness and belongingness 
Approachable decision makers  accountability  professionalism
An environment of security, openness and well being.
user friendly work culture 
Good work environment with sound work culture.
Cohesiveness of the team 
HEALTHY ENVIRONMENT & CULTURE 
varied culture of people that we have is the biggest enabler.
enabling environment
Good culture,co-operative colleges,better seniors & best work environment are the enablers.In my plant these are the doers to make me happy.
healthly atmoshphere open and clear discussion and transperncy 
Organisation's people and culture.
Culture
Working culture is good.
Good working environment and relationship as family.
Family atmosphere
Healthy atmosphere, motivation & teamwork.
No politics and co operate with each other  that is makes me happy in the organization.
Work culture are best because we have to happy to my work and all my senior for supporting to me. 
Work culture or environment, plant and machinery, management and colleague is suitable so any new initiative task apart from routine job is happening as a team work  to get perfection.
The culture of this organisation is very good as for example the seniors lead from the front and show us the way achieve goals.
Work culture. peoples in the organisation. 
Our work culture is the biggest source of happiness.
My organisation has always given me an environment to look forward to come to my work place every single day in the last six years + and this has resulted in enhancing my productivity and contribution towards my organization.
Family feeling is the source of happiness in our organisation.
bonding among employees at all levels make us feel that we are with our family and not an office.
Efforts made by our organization for timely payment of salaries and different welfare activities for employees.
More focus on health & safety & mental peace of employee
1. healthy & clean work place  2. employee of month & operator of day & month  
Morning exercise is one of source of happiness & health.
We have a family work culture & the organization is taking care of all the needs of our family.  our cmd sir is fatherly figure for all of us. he started a programme to visit our families at home \7 understnd their needs
Family bonding by home visit top management
Family bonding by home visit of our h.cmd sir & by top management for spreading happiness aoung our faily too
Home visit by top management for spreading happiness among our family
Home visits by top management
Involvement of family members in highs and lows of copany's performance
Family bonding at our home's by h.cmd sir and top management visit for spreading happiness to our family too.
Family bonding-home visit by our h. cmd sir and by top management for spreading happiness in our family too.
Family visits for staff.
Family bonding by home visit of our h. cmd sir & by top mangement for spreading happiness aoung our family too.
Family bonding by visting our homes by h. cmd sir and top mangement for spreading happiness 
Family work culture is the biggest source of happiness.  example:  our honorable chairman has visited our home on many occasions to understand the happiness quotient of our family members & mitigate their grievances if any.
Family work environment is the biggest source of happiness. our respected cmd sir have passion for the employee's family must be healthy, wealthy & happy.
Family bonding culture   i.e. our honourable cmd sir & top management visited regularly at our home to spread happiness among our family members. 
Family bonding work culture  e.g. our beloved cmd & top management regularly visits our home to ensure spreading of happiness among our family members
Family work culture is biggest source of happiness in our organization. our cmd sir has started this initiative by visiting family members to understand their happiness quotient. this created a wonderful bonding among our family members. 
Employee welfare
Employees well being are taken care by the unit despite it's running on bad weather. 
Employee care and basic amenities like , good education/school facilities for children.  
Company is concerned about the well being of the employees
Each and every people are well taken care by the organisation.
Providing space to express self thoughts.
Timely payment of salaries, provision of health food in canteen, celebration of festivals and creating the work space pleasant.
1. healthy & clean work place  2. employee of month & operator of day & month  3. sbu head / plant head meeting  4. sgia meeting  5  funny saturday  6 good canteen facility  7. annual function
Helping for treatment, one of employee for critcal illness by the organisation.
Staff Satisfaction.
Lots of things have been statred like,sports,culutureactivities & social events which has made the atmosphere good.
Togetherness of staff family, Assistance for child education    
Spread health & happiness in the world !  
The wellbeingness to all the people should be distributed in equilibrium process. 
Encourage 14 days vacation (mandatory) along with family with some benefits.
Full fill some aspects for us
Organization should give a family trip in a financial year therefore family may be happy  
Specific place for exercise and improved cafeteria where a little more choice of food is available 
We should have system of compulsory leaves that each employee will have to avail few leaves every year
Employees are treated with respect and care is taken in case of difficulties.

Share our views with our Management makes life happy. Whenever we are in trouble, the Management take a part and make us feel better, mainly in financial/health matters. What else requires to a person to live happily.
Company's trust on Human resources. Even in critical times company never though to get rid of employees to cut-off the costs. Employees also work with truthfulness and completed many projects under toughest conditions without losing hope. Company completed many projects in North -Eastern States in India.
Providing facilities for staffs like food & accomodation
Our organisation appreciates and encourages the sincere and hardworking employees and takes care of them at all angles. 
Stay with family & friends 
our organization posted maximum people in his home town which help them to motivate every moment and get oxygen from friends or family.
Work Location & better work life balance
Work / Life balance
Career Development
work life balance, good understanding with peers
Time for family life
The physical and mental well being of the employees contribute to the overall success of an organization.  work life balance is compulsory for overall well being.
Allow employees - especially in Admin functions - to have better work-life balance...flexi-timings, work-from-home, etc.  More fun@work activities, including more celebrations  Introduce innovative Work-Life Balance policies.....5-days working (atleast alternate Saturdays off)  Give more independence to HODs  Employees need to "loosen up".....help get over "fear-factor" of Senior Management
Organization should ensure work-life balance.  Currently employees spend more time in office than with family.  This affects physical, mental and emothional peace; family life is getting affected in many ways.
work with balance
Work Life Balance  Equal proportion of work, exercise, enjoyment, learning, recognition, education and charity
Right People having a right work will make him happy, same can be achieve by their learning, engagement, work balance along with automation.  We need to build trust between all stack holder along with consumer.
celebrating festival
Celebrating festival together
Celebrate all festivals with each other
Celebrate all festival with every employees .
Pizza and samosa meetings
celebrate small things with all
Celebrating all festivals equally among all cummunities.
Get together with all members of the department
Celebrating, Promoting, Trust is the key of happiness.
1. Celebration of Festivals  2. RNR and team motivation activity  
Our friends, like some jokes,celebrating birthday
Celebration of festivals 
Festivals are celebrated ,Birthday & new born messages are circulated
Socialization is a key factor for happiness. The more fun and social your workplace is, the happier your employees will be.
The Enablers for Happiness in our Organization.:-  1. Wishing People on their Birthdays, even when any new members are added to their family then also we welcome them.  2. If any Employee completes long term Service he gets Appreciation certificate and Shields too.  3. If any employee is recognized for his extra ordinary efforts he is also appreciated with Cash Prize/ Certificate / and Some schemes are their for Foreign Trips too.  4. Even some employees get better cross functional movements and IJP policy.
Celebration of achievements
Joyful Meeting
Event celebrations at local offices like Diwali and Birthday.
Festival celebration, games organization time to time
Goals  &  vision of company, celebration at various occasions e.g. Festive celebrations. 
The parties after the monthly meets with the team.
Festivals or ceremony in which we all come together and sharing internal happiness to each other. Like we did in past on HOLI Festival
celebrated the social event like independence day ,Holi ,christmas etc.
Employee Engagement, Facilities on employess health/wellness, sharing festivals with employees. 
when a patient goes home well after completing treatment
When patients or attendants appreciate your work and they only trust you and ask you when you are here. It feels special and make us satisfied.
Success in treating patients who have been refused treatment/ unsuccessfully managed elsewhere- in short the proficiency of medical personnel 
Patient Satisfaction
Quality patient care and appreciation from patients.
Good clinical care
We have got the best talent, and we don't have to go to other organizations for second opinion.
When patients says thank you Aruna, and appriciate me in front of my dr. it makes me worth doing my job.  Example: DIG of NSG Mr. Jyoti krishan Dutt came to OPD, I make sure he do not have to wait, with due respect i take care of him, his wife was so pleased that she said keep Org X proud like this, do not change your behaviour ever. so im highly overwhlemed when dr. Ghosh thanked me to take care of his patient. and said keep it up...
Patient and staff satisfaction  Commercial success of organization  Academic Progress of individuals
have to think deeply about it. I guess serving patients in our own way
While working in a hospital, within defined specification, opportunity to help a patient or a human being is the best source of happines for me.
healing the patients disease is the biggest source of happiness and taking patients with care and campassion makes us happy that we make someone happy in their life.
The business we are in - healthcare! It gives immense pleasure to cure people, rid them of illnesses, and help them become healthy again.
pateints. It gives immense pleasure to see and treat them well. The appreciation and good wihes we get from them.
Celebrating the every achievements with the team.
Living small small successes and sharing one others happiness
Some funny activity on festival & monthly cake cutting for Employees birthdays comes in current month.
Free to work
Free to work and taking decisions

Job satisfaction
Total employee involvement,   funny saturday,operator of the month.
Biggest source of happiness is "family visit ' to our organization. in this family is involved and they will also learn about company colture
Birthday celibration of employes for every month
Birthday celebration
Birthday celeberation
Happy and positive work culture.  birth day celebration of employees,funny saturday etc.
Celebrating the festivals together.
Carrom & tea sessions.  we can understnd each others views and this is happening regulary in our office.
Celebrating major festive
Vibrant team activities, team lunch , festival celebrations, heart to heart sessions etc
Celebrating succes of each other
Cultural activities
Celebration for star of the month heighlighted every month in our branch. 
The biggest source is celebrating every moment together whether it is celebrating festivals,curicullar activities,games etc
Arrangement of events for entertainment in regular interval
Well Planed Working Envirnoment, Which create happiness for every one.
Helathy & frindly Workplace 
Healthy Atmospher at work place 
Happy work place
work environment 
Smooth Atmosphere.
Environment, Work satisfaction
The enviornment and the culture which makes me to feel good and work here.
Pleasant working atmosphere and healthy interpersonal relationship among all.
satisfactory work enviroment, best increment as we are best in health care  sector . good interdepartmental relationship, appericiation & recogniation  of work during appraisal
Good and challenging work. very humble and down-to-earth japanese culture. world class working place and desk. intellectual set of people. 
Like EPL (Essel premere league)
Celebrating Employees Birthdays. 
Get together, appreciation
The biggest source of happiness comes from gathering of people in certain events or festivals.fr ex-celebrating holi or conducting a cricket tournament
HOLI Celebration with staff as well as workmen.
Staff Picnic, sports day celebration , CSR Activities etc. 
celebration of festivals together , Officer and ladies club activities.
Get together in festivals Like club function. 
Celebration of all kind of festivals 
Festivals celebrate in office, birthday celebration
The gathering of time to time during annual and half early review.
Birthday celebration, best employee celebration etc  
Lsip   small group involvement activities in organization   all festivals celebration   t.e.i. 
Festival celebrations, birthday celebrations , meditation camps.
Birthday celebration, open tea time together
We celebrate Org X family day every year. this  create an environment of happiness.
Org X family day
Festivals
Success achievements parties. morning excercises, Org X songs
Get to gather in a year of all india staff
Field staffs from across the india have encourage to each other on every small success and create environment working friendly  
Regular team outings
Annua meet 
Frequent outings with staffs
Employee Engagements & Family Get together
Enhancement of  engagement programs both for employees & their family members.
Celebrate all things like birthday, festival, tours with all of us.
Emotional attachment with colleagues, celebrations of festivals, flexibility of work & exposures 
People motivation by engaging the play sports, talent ka challenge events
Festivals celebration & all time accessible management
ex. celebrating laxmi puja with all colleagues every year
Tour on histrocal place
Sports event, talent search event
Festival celebration
Once in a year we all are taken for an outing with our colleagues.  ( ujala uthsav) 
A gathering and pep-talk after Morning Prayer
Social Gathering
Frequent get togethers, cross functional team visits to a different location
Get together & outing each dept.
Encouraging festival celebrations and regular get-together for more unite culture and environment. 
have more team parties in regular interval rather just once in 6 months
Fun at word is missing, in sales organisation we must get engaged in family get together, sales parties, annual/half yearly meets- addressed to top mamagement can make employee more motivated and happy.
Get together meeting.  Which was recently organized in udaipur like sankalp
Job Satisfaction 
Job satisfaction, engaged in  whole duty time.
Satisfaction in doing the work enstrusted upon me
Job Satisfaction: I feel importance of my services, because the management involves me for sharing my ideas, experiences in most of the activities under mine planning & execution, management of regulatory aspects in forest & lease matters.
Job satisfaction
Individuals achieved goals for organisation.
Any task or structure complete within time then self satisfaction is our biggest happiness.
nan
stability and friendly atmosphere. Most people work since last one decade. 
friendly working atmosphere
Working environment.
People are very friendly. Feel like a home.
Friendly environment with all employees.
WELL BEING ENVIRONMENT WITH PLEASANT ATMOSHSPEAR.
Getting money.
Good working Environment
peaceful work environment due to top level management who deal contractual service in cool way with client and subordinate.
work environment,because it gives me pleasure to execute my responsibility.
Company Policy, Culture, Support.    By the support of company we are the best customer  service brand in our category. This feedback frequently getting from retailer / distributor which makes me feel happy.     As a whole being a part of Org X is making me happy.
working Culture
Good Organization
Culture and Ethical things to practice
work culture and empowerment 
Work Culture and Employee Importance
It takes all employees of our organization  as a family member. 
Work environment, like help to other person in him growth in organization 
culture
The biggest source of happiness is rapidly changing external & internal environment which keeps me motivating for the challenge.
Friendly working environment. 
Culture and peoples
Working Culture is Good.
the working culture in which we work as a team.
Department Culture is the best source of happiness .
culture of the organisation and career path.
Workflow
Atmosphere
our values and culture of work.
The culture of the plant is biggest source of the company
When I joint Org X Mobile , i feel diferant culuchur ,   
Only system and process of company. Example- lot of system and process which drives our business.
Working culture that resonates with our vision and values.
It is not only one but sharing the best practices is. Like we received work from departments and guidance also to operate it. 
Good working calture  professionalism   Reporting managers behave like family members 
its open culture
Family culture....
Company is giving best in every way 
Friendly Environment. 
Unlike other organizations in the same industry, it is a comparatively better place in terms of work environment.
Organization gives us space to expressed our views.
I get lots of liberty to work in my organisation, that makes me very happy.
That i can initiate any new ideas and bring it to action and a logical conclusion. our organisational environment gives us freedom to work. 
Openness of senior management and encourage staff to speak out staff about their problem or dissatisfaction.
Enables every individual to share their view,put forth their ideas
We are given flexibility to express thoughts. we are heard if we have a problem
Work environment
Work environment
The work environment
Work place environment
Good work environment
Friendly work environment
Good work environment
Work environment
Good work environment.
Office environment
Good work place 
Friendly work environment
 good work environment
Good work environment
Friendly environment,  
A free and openess work enviourment
At workplace when in stress or immediate requirement of work, jokes said by department members in between so that we all feel happy and relax in completing the work.
 homely atmosphere 

Feeling the good work environment to achieve the target, you think.
Positive Psychology in the Workplace. Eg.  2. Good Work-life balance. 3. Good relationships with colleagues and supervisors.4. Company's financial stability. 5. Job security etc.,
Joyful atmosphere at work place...
Good environment at corporate office, free housing and transport for all staff and mess allowance to all bachelors. promotional avenues  
Friendly Environment/Situation and Welfare of Self and family is being take care by our organization
Empowerment to the people in this organization to do work in favor of company vision & goal. At ground level our ASM has right to take right decisions.
Empowerment of sharing views/opinion
The way employees are empowered to take responsibilities and decisions in their area of expertise.  
Opportunity to do good and meaningful work
Work with happiness
For my self- doing my duty is the biggest happiness for me in my organization
WORK
we complete in time the big project -that is UPEIDA ROAD PROJECT PKG-3 it is the biggest source of happiness in our organization.
Goo Work, 
WORK
Happiness in our job
Celebrating festivals with traditional dress and celebrating birthdays  
Eaphoria Team : they will plan some fun activities during the work.  Fun Friday, Diwali Celebrations, Christmas Celebrations & many more
The parties after the monthly meets with the team.
Brand Value of the Group and organisation culture and facilities
Not In Organization,but diversity and various opportunities ABG makes a sense of hope and happiness
Field of work
I am doing my work/responsibilities  to my level best and m happy with that
We work on the women issues which are most neglected in indian society. 
We love our work because we believe it is making a difference in the lives of women whom we are working for.
Working plan  
When working in rural area for saving life like in interior the making of service avaliblity
The enablers are as follows-  cause for the society(women health/right/access)  leadership  work culture  pay structure  joint effort to resolve any issue(team building)  
Employee engagement program like ECF should be organized on time.   
Employee engagement, can be improved further compare to the industry norms 
Employee Friendly, Getting Expected growth.
more extra curricular activities should be implemented
More of activities to ensure well-being of colleagues
We are achieved production target within timeline.
When our annual coal production target achieved
If the coal production of our unit would achieve the target than its the biggest source of happiness.
Positive outcomes at work.
ACHIEVEMENT 
As usual, biggest source of happiness is to fulfill the production target. 
Motivation by Performance 
Involvement in every occasion.
i.e. Achievement highest production.
TO MEET PRODUCTION TARGET- if TARGET ACHIVED ALL CELEBRATES
Achievements of milestones
When company achived their projcted targets & given the perks to employee and also give the  good appraisal to all.
Success achieved as a team .
Giving chance to show their talent.
Our Leaders. They give us space for trying out new things and also keep mentioning so that we dont fail.
Freedom to execute
friendly atmosphere & no boundation
Liberty to try out your skills and learn by doing it your way. Empowerment to be precise.
Commitment to Partners   ex: Freedom to raise ticket for any issues, in time settlement 
More autonomy in decisions, alignment of everyone towards one goal, being vision driven rather than KPI driven
Challenges
For Me: My Job of exploring technology and resolving technical issues of everyone. It gives me a state of satisfaction that I'm helping out the people by resolving their technical problems. It leads to make me efficient to fix my personal problems effectively too.
My work, my discipline and my team
Work Challenge
Work.
Work Engagement: Entrusted with challenging works involving brain storming for successful execution.
Learning day by day-regularly i face different types of difficulties & try to overcome on that . this challenging part is biggest source of happiness .
Compassion to Job Security & Employee Relationship
Secure employees future
We should give same enveroment and job security. 
Any organisation has to show employee the job security in any instance
Organisation has to take responsibility for the growth of their employee
Organisation always has to give proper support during hard situations at work and proper guidelines if employees takes any wrong decision.
Working for an indian company.   daily work timing 510 mins  indian feast holidays  job guarentee  
A clear and visible career path at every level.
Opportunity to growing personnel  
Employee engegment programs 
encourage to spent time with family.
Family get together.
Family party.
yearly once do family day function 
Some family get together.
