Team Support & Given proper Learning time.   
The leaders
Leadership positions should live the values and lead by example and not just reiterate the values for the sack of saying it.
The commitment of leadership creates and environment of happiness all around
Leaders walking the talk 
My Team & my manager. They are very supportive & help me learn new things and represent my team in meetings
Team work with leadership 
Its all senior humble and pulite lisen to every one solve the any problem.
Biggest Source of happiness in our organization is work culture is very much appreciable.
Good work atmosphere 
It is a Learning Organization. In past 9 years I have implemented several innovative projects, some of which met with great success but some failed miserably, I have never been questioned but have been instructed to understand what went wrong, which need to be corrected.
Our management is so good, i think they make our happiness.
The energy Level drive from top to bottom(positive VIBES and positive ORA)
we have a good management team our organization always give chance to learn this is the best source because people generally getting bore to do same work daily our organization doesn't follow.
Top Management are enablers for happy environment. They are very supportive to the teams.
Good managers and colleagues also creating less fearful environment
specifically my boss and my team.
Managment chain of the organization in production cycle
Great leaders that help and guide
good management team  good communication sources   a large strong network   A large no.of employee who work with from many years 
Management
Management is good every employee is treated as an employee not worked its the best way to people believe in company
Work management
balance between professional and personal life
Organization leadership create enabling environment for the work.
Organization leader sheep
Organization leadership
Organizational leadership influence the environment in the organization.   

