Manager 

1.monthly meet with all employees with family 
2.arranging picnic and conducting some outdoor games bring people close to each other
3. Celebrating festivals jointly with all the employees bring happniness 
Employers can also encourage office celebrations for holidays and birthdays. These celebrations do not need to be expensive. It can be as simple as asking everyone to bring in a covered dish. Even when there is no reason to celebrate, encourage employees to eat lunch together. Provide a comfortable eating area. 
we need to assemble in one platform & share our view . so that all the person  issue can be resolved.  
there should be a meeting among the team on weekly basis and discuss if there are any issue among the team so that it can be resolved on timely basis and work in the benefit of organisation.
Town Hall regularly for company planning  and improve the process 
There should be a trustworthy & open working environment for employees. There should be common platform to share views/ideas/plan to others & implement them which leads to growth of organisation.
live up to the real values of Org X
Be more open minded and teach only that which you yourself can follow
Maintain their core values in future also
1. Every one including the top management and various teams across all functions should live the core values in sync with each other.  2. Before taking important decisions regarding important aspects related to business and internal operations, it is always better to take opinions collectively. This may fetch some better options and also instills a feeling of being important in the people.  3. People should be made to feel important for the organization irrespective of their level and function in the company.  4. Before rolling out any important business or internal policy, the idea behind it and the impact of it should be clearly made transparent with people to gain confidence.
The approachable attitude of Top management
Openness and trustworthy relations
Open culture. Senior management is always available to guide and mentor us. I can approach my boss even with the silliest of questions and he will still help
Working open organization. there is no boundation. 
Open culture means you can talk and discuss to anyone irrespective of their designation
Openness at specific points.
Patient care
Healing and curing the needy. this is the core of our organization as a healthcare.  on personal front, it is always recognition and reward   
Doing the good work for patients and right things as per the organization goals despite of the pressure from the others. 
Work autonomy. The organization entrusts a person with a job and gives him / her complete autonomy to accomplish it the way he considers best
Work independently with the guidance of seniors.
FREE TO TAKE DECESSIONS
Freedom to work and to initiate to new things. Many new employee engagement activities have been started due to this.
Creative approach and freedom to work
Free hand to expert in every department to achieve the common goal in best possible way efficiently.
Freedom to work in a innovative way.
Freedom and autonomy at workplace.
No comment
1. freedom of working style and comfort  2. not to burden too much with work as almost  everyday we carry work to home also  3. liberty to handle work on our own and not to be too pushy or poky.  
The freedom to work creates an environment where employees gives their 100%. Empathy shown by top management encourages belongingness and which emulates in employees taking ownership whatever they does.
While i always wanted to try something new/ initiative, my superior encourages me without assuming results due to which which i feel even more responsible & bound to deliver results by implying best of my abilities/use skills & thank him for his belief in us
Long association with the organisation
The belongingness amongst the employees.
Sharing happy & sorrow moments, getting salary in time, suppliers are also getting timely payment, living in Co's colony, so participating in all happy & sorrow family functions, celebrating all functions jointly.
Being part of One ABG keeps the motivation high.
We have emotionally joint to each other in between employee. 
- Sense of belongingness to be inculcated in employees.
- More discipline should be brought in the unit.
- Strict adherence to organisational values
- Nepotism should be eradicated to a certain extent.
Love, Compassion & trust towards employees by the management.
Trust, employee participation. Openness, transparent communication. 
By considering each employees credibility work is assigned and evaluated.
Create a culture of Trust and Accountability. Values should be exhibited through actions and no deviation in any case whatsoever should be allowed.
No
Freedom to work and faith between the employees will make the entire organization a happy place
Freedom at work place, the confidence and faith shown by the employer on employees make us most happy. personal & professional growth along with company's growth also contributes to happiness
Trust and coordination between employers and employee. we are allowed to work in free mind so that everyday we can learn something new and adopt those in achieving goals.
Career growth and maternity leave to be given
Idf policies foster growth opportunities; existence of culture of transparency; employees can question and feedback even the management; lowest level staff has access to the ed; collaboration is a deeply ingrained; enabling working environment 
Organization gives opportunity for grow
To give respect and be soft with all the employees at work. No partiality should be there at work. Treat all staff should be equal. We should get saturdays off so that we get time for our family and for ouself. We should get emails to apply their leaves on time. We must rewarded for our good done. 
equality for every one .
Equality in every aspects of organisational events.
All cader's of organisations should be same and equal for all resources and all policy....
Same policies for all staffs.
Same policy for all
Same policy for all
Our organization takes the equal decision for all employees with out any partiality. this is as big example for us.
encourage those who try to learn , seniors help juniors in learning process, treat labour class workers as human and limit their working hours, seniors stop harassing jumiors, make an enviornment where everyone can give their opinion.
To treat all employees equally (particularly those at the same rank) and not in a biased fashion.   Check should be implemented to employees, who are taking multiple and irrational leaves, leaving their colleagues with extra-burden. Rather, all should be given equal number of leaves.     The annual rate of inflation is 7-8%. Expected savings should be further 10%. So the net year and appraisal should be "at least" 18%. Remember, a well paid employee is a happy employee, because he/she can keep a balance between personal, family and professional obligations. 
Treat all are equal 
To treat all employees as one family
Need to implement same culture for Off roll & On rolls staff..
All people should be treated equally, right to speak, occasionally organization of games, celebrations at festivals
Equality and Developing people keeping future in mind.    
I thought that there should be no gap in the senior and the junior one so that we can learn things easily 
Need to manage same culture for both employee On rolls people & Off rolls people .    
Togetherness among all and respect 
equality
Bridge the gap between people in NHQ and those on field. Their work environments and backgrounds are different. Kindly make the respective teams go out on field with their colleagues on field in order to understand them and their working style better; also the problems that they face. Like Sales
By respecting each one of the people in organization.and if the seniors don't put they are EGO with there juniors
you have been given free hand to work and incase, of failute they will not discourage you.
No comment
Empowerment
Empowerment. Ownership & Accountability
1. OPENNESS
2. CELEBRATION OF FESTIVAL AND ACHIEVEMENT
1. OPENNESS
2. CELEBRATION OF FESTIVAL AND ACHIEVEMENT
Openness to opinions and suggestions.
nan
nan
communicate with each other and have transparency. 
More transparency in decision making.
Make more transparent about business and growth rate of organization
proper forecasting about organization  and transparency at each level 
Transparent  Stop politics  Support team  Give employees first preference to grow
by friendly nature and transparency in organisation
Annual meetings
Provide random opportunities  for individual employee and befor taking any vibrant  working decision they discuss with the team members.  one best thing is the annual planning meeting  which held every year in out station which enables us to recreate ourself .
Meetings and get together
Mid year & annual review meetings
Annual review meeting and employee appreciation awards
1. Motivation 
2.Empowerment
3. Environment of Mutual Respect amongst the employees and 
4. Appropriate Reward and Respect to deserving employees
Build on Motivational schemes of employees
Always giving motivation & support to their employees 
Employee recreation proagmmes must be organized...
Both inter and intra department activities together to strengthen the bond  holiday within teams atleast once a year in order to relax
There should be getogether / sports activity
Even though work schedule is made, we have the freedom of doing it in our own way. 
Giving freedom. to achieve the organization and project goals and objectives. as a employ i have full freedom to plan & do action basis on the ground basic.  
There is openness in sharing individual views. no strict hierarchy in the organisation for communication. clear defined roles and responsibilities for individuals and departments.
Openness, space to share our thoughts and respect to individual irrespective of levels is the key source of happiness. also personal care and support at difficult times  is the key source of happiness
Culture and transparency 
Freedom  to share your views...direct upper authority.....
Freedom for making our own work plan, so that we achieve our goal. 
We are given opportunity to take decisions and also expressed our views.
Freedom work, 
Freedom & independence in work and support extended by senior colleagues to staff who all are in difficult situation.
Freedom of work and sharing thoughts openly
Thanks
Continue to do what it is already doing
Our Organization has already implemented, that is why every employee in our organization feels that they are working in healthy and happy environment. 
