Long service awards to employees 
When i get praised for my work, on emails. when somone recognisez and appriciates my work.
Rewards
Faith of senior of other  
When my supervisor appreciated me after completing task. 
Motivational environment and supervisor support 
Conversation with all staffs & support get from field level to director of all department.
Senior management always accessible for employees.
Supervisor support
Nothing as such but yes acknowledgement of achievements is something which is good. 
The awards given to employees to motivate them.
Reward and recognition
Recognition  Gifts & Awards  Promotions  Social Gathering 
When Senior appreciates my work. Example: Our CFO Shri Arun Garg Ji always appreciate and say thanks to me whenever i have done a veryu good job.   
Appriciatian  
Appreciation by seniors.
Appreciation
Appreciation, listening ear and supportive environment are the important enablers. when ever i faced any problem i talk to my seniors and get the way forward and with their experience i feel empowered and ready to take any challenges. 
Appreciation for the efforts being made by team
Appreciated to employee for their good work 
1. Appreciation of employees.
Rewarding excellence at workplace
1. Successful completion NPI.     2. Rewards and reorganization.  
Regular Rewards and Recognition and birthday celebrations that take place in the organisation create a positive and happy environment in the organisation.
Revising of salary structure, promotion and ensure job security till to one's retirement.
Employee should be rewarded and recognised. Career enhancement could also a factor to make employee happy
Achievement and recognition through time-wide hard work.
Learning and career development  Appreciation for your work  Job security
Incentive to encourage  people to work.  R & R is celebrated every month to motivate people to work efficiently.
getting appreciation while performing good work.  getting CSD appreciation from our CSD head for doing good work in my area
Recognition as top performer in terms of appreciation, awards, increment and promotion
Always appreciation.and timely all needful thing
Appreciation for your work.
Personal approach with all the employees as like family member which is normally rare in corporate companies. Recognition of employees at all occasions and rewarding them accordingly. Opportunity given to grow well.
Our organization believes that Human resources are the most precious assets. The apreciacion from the founder Directors is the source of inspiration and Happiness.
By Providing incentives and appreciating the best employee
Recognitions 
Expression of your talent & timely recognition.
Recognition
When your contribution to the organization is valued and recognised.
when we had  any work complete with successfully then appreciated by  senior or top management like that R&R 
Appreciation for achievement 
Show your appreciation when they are working particularly hard. Don't micromanage your employees. Encourage vacations. Workers will return happier, refreshed and motivated.
APPRECIATION AND 
PARTICULARLY RECOGNITION.
Appreciating employees by recognizing their accomplishments with praise and appreciation makes most productive and happiest environment.
appericiation & recogniation  of  employee work during appraisal . listen to employees without fear & good suggestion by employees  shoulb be implemented 
Biggest source of happiness would be recognizing the best performers and encouraging them to do much better. taking in to account every employee's suggestion and helping them grow in their career path. 
When i get appreciation and recognition for my work and when our zone achieves their targets and i get the appreciation  of the support given to them.   
Being recognized for the achievements. the support given by other departments to push the business. the effort taken by different department to make the stock available for on time billing.
Recognition and rewards---beating targets 
The biggest source of happiness is that if any individual perform above average then he/she is being awarded with some special recongnition. And the performance is shared with all over e-mail.
If the organization celebrating the experiences of old staffs & comments of rewarding staffs.
Need to award and compliment for good work.
Timely recognize our staff as well as award or reward.  musical environment of working.
1. Appreciate the efforts of workmen & Associates who put in lot of efforts. (Presently only Management cadre are appreciated). A digital Display Boards at prominent position with photographs of workmen declaring Mr. X / Mrs Y, is "Good Citizen of the Week" , "Most Productive Workmen of The Week ", "Most Punctual Workmen of The Week", "Employee with Best Use of PPE" , " Best Suggester of the Week"..... This initiative will generate positive vibes, reduce resistance, feel pride of the effort and encourage healthy competition. The consistent performer of the year wins a dinner with Unit Head / CEO 
Small Small recognition at time to time at mass gathering , may be personal point of view or professional.
- positive aspects of the work should also be seen and only negatives should not be looked into.  - good work should be appreciated..  - regular participation of the implementation team during planning process.  - paying more attention to the broader aspects rather than trivial issues.
Appreciation from senior management. less fault finding from the supervisors and constructive feedback
Appreciate your employees by recognizing their accomplishments with praise and appreciation  
Our organisation is appreciate good work of his employee
motivation, prod feeling
appreciation from seniors
Many Function handled by the HR team.  Like.. Superstar, Star , Appreciation awards ceremony.
appreciation on long term service. perks, RnR
Appreciation for good work done
 From time to time appreciate employees for there good work 
To be motivate make happy life and there work stress should be in limit.
Appreciating one other
Always appreciate for good work.
Appreciate to each other for good work
All of encouraging in motivates to planning work 
To understand each people, know about there dream, encourage them , motivate them to achieve there dreams.
Support your juniors our and appreciate them when they do good things. Support them not your RMs
Acknowledging employees, motivation and a little appreciation never fails to do so.
appreciation, training
Appreciation, Motivation,Training and Encouragement.
More Appreciation
More frequent Appreciation  and acknowldgement 
Aprication, Motivation, encouragment  and Training of staff.
Respect all peoples
make employee feel valued
empathetic
reliable 
responsive to all employees
