Trust by manager in employees capabilities & appreciation for good work
Openness, and Trust which organisation shows on each employee.
Better relation with manager
Employee friendly management. management care about their employee.
Encouragement to employees
Management.
Our higher management which makes us feel that we are part of jyothy family. our md sir & management has supported me strongly during critical period of my life.
Earlier company consider our suggestion's and that motivate us to do well.   
Relationship of our cmd sir to each and every staff.
Support from senior and positive environment.
Faith of senior of other  
Motivational environment and supervisor support 
Conversation with all staffs & support get from field level to director of all department.
Senior management always accessible for employees.
Supervisor support
Guidance like parents.
Support what we are getting from our organisation.
Our md or jmd interacts with each one of employees whichever cadre they are,in such way that will make to feel just like a family which in turn motivates and enhances involvement and dedication to work. 
Our md sir. he is very supportive in any situation (personal or official, good or bad etc...)
The friendly and approachable nature of boss.
Motivation to work in this company
respect for each other, no differentiation between staffs.
Respect staff
Trust on employee by higher authority. provides chance to improve yourself.   
Know your employees and coworkers by name.  Show employees you care by paying attention to their daily work and achievements.  Socialization is a key factor for happiness. The more fun and social your workplace is, the happier your employees will be.
The higher management in the organization should try to understand the meaning of compassion and set the work priorities in a defined timeline.  
Well behave with each other,respect junior and senior employee.suggest where they need guidence .
Respect our senior and encourage our collceague 
Friendly nature of superiors(mostly all) with their juniors. For Exp: They share their memories,join with us in parties,watching movies,during festivals etc etc.
cordial relationships. Friendly environment.
When I approached the superiors, received and discussed with me friendly and accepted my views.
IN OUR ORGANISATIONS OUR SENIORS ARE VERY GENTLE PEOPLE AND THEY ALWAYS HELPS THE JUNIOR TO COP UP WITH DIFFERENT TYPES OF SITUATION AND MAKES US READY FOR UPCOMING CHALLENGES TO FACE AS A LEADERS IN COMING TIMES.
EXAMPLES- OUR JGM SIR SHREE GAUTAM DAS SIR ALWAYS PUSHED ME INFRONT OF CLIENTS TO FACE ANY PROBLEMS ,EARLIER I USED TO CRITISIZED THIS BUT TODAY I HAVE SUCH A HEALTHY BOND WITH MY CLIENT'S THAT THEY LISTEN TO MY WORDS AND HELPS ME FOR SMOOTH WORKING ENVOIRNMEN.
Support & feedback from top management.
1.respect from state office and head office.  2.some people who want to make me disrespectful so i highly motivated to do my best and i get result and appreciation.
Respect,politeness and understanding
Encouragement 
 
My mom have helth issue ...and my work place is so fare my home...  i request to my mangers and explain my proble he agree...to change my work place my home...after this i give my full attention to my work ....
Timely support from all level in professional enhancement   
The senior management/ hr-   rules are bent in case required to help an employee. the organization is not very rigid. 
Backing each other in tough time
Support from admin 
Overburden of work, pressurizer's for taking work load by supervisors, lack of motivational/encouraged support by supervisor
Positive support by management, liberty to share your opinion and celebration of your special day (like birthday) to give you happiness.
Our idf executive director. he always support team and share feedback in positive manners
Support of my team members in all activities of my organization.
When i need support from supervisor, they provide 
Building culture of trust and ownership between employee and organization. This can be achieved by involving employee as per their capability and level into the companies vision and communicating to them how they are adding values and by their efforts how the company is progressing. This will ensure a deeper bond and connect.


Motivation, , Continuous learning atmosphere, appreciations. 
Support from the upper management and Appreciating the employees for their excellent performance to encourage them
,support to their juniors,friendly behaviour. 
The positivity brought by our zm sir.  Eg- there was a scenario that some retailers were not taking our products and at certain point we felt demotivated but suddenly our zm Bhaskar sir motivated us and helped us in dealing with this kind of situations.
Senior guidance & support
support from local heads 
If we achieve something my our own self and seniors encouraging by his support and discuss about our achievements.
more open communication system
time for team engagement and motivational support on daily basis for each member at all levels
Self respect of the employee is intact and sense of secureness.
Equality
Empowerment
An organisation who works for the improvement of employees and empower their assets time to time are the place where everyone wants to be in.   Org X is also doing the same thing,it takes care of his all employees in nursing them in all aspects.These are the enablers that create an environment to work.
Empower in decision making
Faith and Empowerment
Empowerment. Ownership & Accountability
Empowerment: If you got stuck at any point in your assigned activity/task you have empowered to have a communication with middle/senior/TOP management.
Empowered 
1. Manager empowering employees  2. Friendly work environment  3. Good facilities for employees
Empowerment of stakeholders, is at the core of the values. Doing the right thing while creating empowerment while sitting at the bottom of the inverted pyramid is a very pleasing feeling. 
Empowerment to take decisions
Organization enables all employees to appreciate & understand the feeling of one another 
Happy people make happy organisations. A friendly and trustworthy environment where each individual cares, helps, Guide , Motivate, mentor the every other person he Intermingles.
When we are asked about our personal well being, it makes us feel at home.
Be genuinely concern full of the employees well being.  Facilitating convenient infrastructure & environment to help deliverance of their specific job roles.
behaviour of management makes enablers that create an environment of happiness in the organisation.
Employee caring policy 
As it supports everyone to grow , n helps them to achieve there dream.
Guidance of my boss and support of my team
