Organization could provide the transport facility to employees.  
TRANSPORTATION AND OTHER WHITEGOOD PRODUCTS BUSINESS BY Org X
I get paid on time
payment on time   
Credit message of salary
I don't know what is the biggest happiness our organisation because my new joining but.. something observed...my biggest happiness is salary comes timely and annual meeting in other places..
Salary on time 
Strict Monitoring should be done for conditions of Guesthouses/Food served/Water served.we are paying money to vendors for good food but employees are not getting the benefit.
Music can be provided in Offices.
Assets bought/created for Employee welfare may be monitored for their condition and upkeep.
there should be a recreational room for all the employees and it should be made must.
coffee room for the doctors to hang out when free
Place away from the office to sit and close one's eyes for 10 min for the consultants and senior consultants; 
books to read when free 
variable times to enter and exit the hospital without compromising on the work1. Better remunerations.  2. better and judicious sanction of leaves among same ranked employee.  3. To keep pampering employess by giving extra responsibilities
Good Employee benefits
Gym,Pool Table,Table Tennis,Carom may be placed for Indoor Entertainment/Wellness.
Receiving scheduled salary.
We can easily plan our monthly expenditure.
Good Hygienic Food/water in Canteen/Guesthouse
Staff all required Good Increments, A per market conditions Management should check the market rates for family surviving. Company is quoting tenders as per the market rates, they should know the staff problems.  
The salary that is credited to your bank account in the end of the day is the only happiness that I am able to get from the company.  
Only one  Salary credited in account in last working days of month
Tei  for example lsip conducted for annual goal setting
Improve involvement of all staff so that they are aligned to organizations goals 
Sufficient time should be given to complete the assigned work
Increase salary for all
Promotion, facilities & salary should be given as per the past experience & hard work
Promotions and salary increments.
Flexible working hours should be there.
Focus on well-being of employees
Flexibility in working hours.
More benefits to promote work-life balance
There are a lots of restrictions. There should be no time restriction, if work is complete, employee can go home.
Flexible timing, Company cab to come office, activation of office communicator, arranging health check ups, timely appreciation of good job done, office party time to time
Challenging problem statement and scope for improvement in everything
Music for stress relieving at workplace
Area for relaxing for breaks
Entertainment zones for lighter moments
I will suggest for the refreshment room within the organisation premises so that we can refresh our self by doing some physical activities.
One room to be created for employees casual interaction with beverage dispenser & dining table facilities. one fold able bed to be placed for rest of employees & pregnant mothers.
Get together, picnic, retreat
Celebrations and no hierarchy in approaching seniors.
Sum get to gather programs.
Frequent activities like lunch, birthday celebration, picnic movie etc.
Celebrating joyful moments and birthday's of each other. 
Providing team party by any function & celebrating of all birth day party of each staffs.
salary hike....nothing else....none in management cares about our difficulies at working place n problem faced in current system.
We get our salaries on time. Also, the surprise bonus that we've started getting after 5 years complition of Org X.
Performance Appraisal + Increment.   For eg-: When i get appraised for the work being done by me i develop a sense of inner satisfaction and i am deeply self motivated by this act. 
Meals, its wholesome and refereshing with diverse menu
Good food
The food
My organization do take care of the physical & mental well being of their work force by enabling to facilitate the right kind of work environment, setting right values & work ethos.
Very good employee caring policy, good career path , ijp .      
Biggest source of happiness in my organization is that to serve better and best things to people,and the employees 
Gaming facilities in the organization and the comepetitions 
Playing game is a factor of happiness.  Organisation could start some games programme after working.
state of art infrastructure and machines..
Aesthetic, clean & well maintained office. 
1. Improvement of hygieneous condition of Jilling residential area.
2. Seamlessness across the location
salary always coming on time
Salary Structure .  Last time My salary was very minimum but company had decided to revise salary as per market correction on behalf of Activity .
Salary
1. working space is very good and hygienic.  2. availability of resources freely to do work smoothly.  3. utmost sincerity in work. 
Working environment
Even our mines is not in operation but  salary is on time.
Getting Salary in time.
Freedom to Work and Timely Payment,which makes the employees of our organization at most happy

give better salary, make a gymnasium
I think an in house gym will add to the happiness of all.
Half day on second saturday,Gym facility for staff and timely promotion and increment for all staff equally..
Colony society/ MPH/ Gymnasium
In comparison to the past time now our organization is giving more effort to create a joyful environment at our workplace, and bring a togetherness among all employees. So, in this context it can be suggested that some measures can be taken with other measures to improve physical well-being of all employees.
For example, A set up of Gym for all employees, Arrangement of sports & games at office premises. 
Exercise arrangement & Fun 
More means for physical fitness. Example Gym
Extra Curricular activities
we can celebrate festivals in the office premises, activities, 30 min programmers, all employees get together makes happy in the organization, social activities , corporate activities.., sports, employee team outings...
Sports day, Special initiations/guest lectures on special topics
1. environmentally clean and green. 
2. make freedom to work and share the ideas in which we have.
Enablers always support to celebrate all happy moment even mines operation was stop.
Celebrate small suceess.
Club function & various calutal progame 
There are so many facility like MPH,Park, Garden to celebrate any type of festivals.
Employee Well being- Good Infrastructure in terms of Housing & related facilities.
Celebrating festivals together
All employee are celebrating his/her happy birthday at work station with bottom to top management. 
The facilities
Faciltities
Facilities
The office ambience and facilities at office.
A little raise in salary for the new fresh nts and pes, 
Continuous monitoring and and a good payscale
Equal treatment in terms of financial increments since everyone is contributing to their maximum potential.
