Company value should follow
IF ALL EMPLOYEES OBEY AND RESPECT THE ABG VALUES
living by values and ethics
Sense of entrepreneurship and sense of responsibility with authority. transperantness from toe the head in the organisation. simplicity, humility and integrity in values. 
I feel delighted by the fact that the whole organisation works with one unified ambition to serve our customers in the best possible manner.
Vision , values , create possiblity
Values of the organization.
The top management practice what they preach.  The values of the company are not just statements - but truly practiced, first by our Top Management and then by the company.    Also, the compassion for people and the desire to make them comfortable so that they can give their best is a big source of happiness.  
Values and openness in communication
 Organizational Values and the feeling for working in an ethical environment produce an inner joy and a feeling of self-fulfilment. Doing the right thing for the right people is inherently a joyful activity. 
The Core Values
following of core values of Org X
Live the values & implementing the culture of openness are greatest enablers for creating the environment of happiness.
The unique drive of happiness & positivity program with lot of best practices for tei.
To adhere our core values
To live with our core values. 
Peace of mind and its values.
Values of the organization
The Value system..
Group Values 
Company Values,Job security ,Learning & career Devlopment etc.
We belong to ABG group and its core values. Profitability and increase in  production of the organisation is the biggest source of organization. 
The biggest source of happiness is our group values and the reputation of our brand, which people are respect these two.we are proud to be the employee of the group.
Good Values
Strong Vision about the achievement of organizational  goals and their commitment towards clients besides providing congenial atmosphere to employees meeting the organizational goals.
